==Preview==
<p>The Sequel to the award winning X&sup2;: The Threat</p>

==Text==
<p><strong>About the Game</strong></p>
<p>The Sequel to the award winning X&sup2;: The Threat will introduce a new 3D engine as well as a new story, new ships and a new gameplay to greatly increase the variety in the X-universe. The economy of X&sup3;: Reunion will be more complex than anything seen in the X-universe before. Factories are being built by NPCs, wars can affect the global economy, NPCs can trade freely and pirates will behave far more realistically.<br /><br /><strong>The Technology</strong><br />Extensive development has gone into the X&sup3; engine, making full use of the current technology, to create dramatic visual effects and stunningly realistic starships. Coupled with the massively enhanced A.L. (Artificial Life) system, X&sup3;: REUNION will present players with an ever changing, evolving universe; where a player's actions really can shape the future of the universe.<br /><br /><strong>The Feature</strong><br />Newcomers will enjoy the additions to the already graphically impressive, almost living X&sup3;-Universe, while veterans can expect new construction options and an improved physics model.<br /><br /><strong>The Story</strong><br />What happened so far: While the Argon fleet is stretched almost to breaking point by the continuing attacks from Khaak, a new enemy is stalking the X-universe. What links a mysterious ship with the power to disappear, the ruthless Yaki pirates and a machine left by an ancient species? It's time to strap yourself in, warm up your laser cannon and get some answers.</p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Trailer</strong></p>
<p><video width="515" controls="true"> <source src="http://videos.fun4tux.ch/x3-trailer-en.ogg"></source> Your browser does not support the video tag! Go and get a <a href="http://www.mozilla-europe.org/de/firefox/">good one</a>!</video></p>
<hr />
<p><strong>General information</strong></p>
<table border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Age rating<br /></td>
<td>12+</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the dvd-box</td>
<td>English</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the manual</td>
<td>English<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the game</td>
<td>English, German, French, Italian (only texts)<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Demoversion</td>
<td>not available</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Updates</td>
<td><a href="http://updatefiles.linuxgamepublishing.com/x3/" target="_blank">Updates for X3: Reunion</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Condition</td>
<td>Brand new</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Content</td>
<td>DVD-Rom and manual in a DVD box</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements<br /></strong></p>
<table border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Processor<br /></td>
<td>2.2 GHz x86 Processor</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Graphics Card<br /></td>
<td>Hardware Accelerated 3D Graphics card with 128 MB video memory and Shader Model 3.0 Support</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Memory</td>
<td>1500 MB</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Disc Space<br /></td>
<td>7 GB<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Sound Card</td>
<td>ALSA or OSS compatible</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Optical Drive</td>
<td>DVD-Rom</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Operating System<br /></td>
<td>
<p>GNU/Linux x86 system (x64/amd64 systems through 32 bit emulation layer only), 2.2.x or better Linux kernel with glibc-2.1 or later and X-Windows (XFree86 3.3.x or later)</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
